I'm asking if Miss Insase is sleeping...
Mhm...
The day you shot your emperor wasパ TIM.
Now you've sure as much shelves throw esse BL shy sh circle.
Your
hideous eyes
As the
boy who was killed by helped and
was included in the
language from him
that's
impossible to
make wrapped Aldeo
No more
His worn running shoes and tail covered theилиabad water even fu сколько he OFEHH
With the piękaaaay
You're a man, a man among men.
If you're angry with a man who's shot,
you can kill him.
If you're a man of honor,
If you're not, you can...
Get out! Get out!
Who are you?
You're a coward!
I'm not afraid of you.
I'll kill you.
You two are too much.
I'll take this.
That's dangerous.
You're a coward.
No, I'm not.
I can't get out.
I'm Yoshimara, the leader of the
Hirokao-men.
I'll take this sword.
If I take it, I'll get a flower.
It's not a desire to get a flower,
but it's a good thing to fight.
Thank you for watching.